Which disease devastated livestock across the UK during 2001?[Handandfoot,Footinmouth,Handtomouth,Footandmouth,Footandmouth,Footandmouth,Footinmouth,I am nearly certain it is Footandmouth disease
Which of these kills its victims by constriction?[Andalucia,Anaconda,Andypandy,Annerobinson,Anaconda,Anaconda,Andypandy,I think it's Anaconda! 
Which of these might be used in underwater naval operations?[Frogmen,Newtmen,Toadmen,Tadpolemen,Frogmen,Tadpolemen,Frogmen,My guess is tadpolemen but I'm completely guessing 
What are you said to do to a habit when you break it?[Throw it,Punch it,Kick it,Eat it,Kick it,Kick it,Throw it,Definitely Kick it 
Where do you proverbially wear your heart, if you show your true feelings?[On your collar,On your lapel,On your cuff,On your sleeve,On your sleeve,On your sleeve,On your cuff,It's either cuff or sleeve.I'm going to suggest the sleeve
What might an electrician lay?[Tables,Gables,Cables,Stables,Cables,Calbles,Gables,My suggestion is Cables but it seems too easy
What would a 'tattie picker' harvest?[Raspberries,Corn,Potatoes,Apples,Potatoes,Potatoes,Apples,I'm not sure of this one.But my guess is Apples 
Which of these means adequate space for moving in?[Elbow room,Foot rest,Ear hole,Knee lounge,Elbow room,Knee lounge,Elbow room,I think its Elbow room...best of luck!
How is a play on words commonly described?[Pan,Pin,Pen,Pun,Pun,Pen,Pun,Come-on man. It's Pun!!! Best of luck! You'll need it!
Which colour is used as a term to describe an illegal market in rare goods?[Blue,Red,Black,White,Black,Red,Black,I've definitely heard the term black market used before. I think you should go with "Black".
Which character was first played by Arnold Schwarzenegger in a 1984 film?[The Demonstrator,The Instigator,The Investigator,The Terminator,The Terminator,The Investigator,The Terminator,It's the Terminator for sure!
Which of these would a film actor like to receive?[Oliver,Oscar,Oliphant,Osbert,Oscar,Osbert,Ocsar,Everyone knows this!! its an Oscar.
In which country would you expect to be greeted with the word 'bonjour'?[Italy,France,Spain,Wales,France,France,Italy,Its either France or Italy
What name is given to the person who traditionally attends the groom on his wedding day?[Best man,Top man,Old man,Poor man,Best man,Top man,Best man,Best man obviously. Goodluck getting to $1.000.000
Which word follows 'North' and 'South' to give the names of two continents?[Africa,America,Asia,Australia,America,Africa,America,My Geography is terrible. I think it is Africa.
Which country is not an island?[Madagascar,Cuba,Germany,Jamaica,Germany,Jamaica,Germany,I'm pretty confident that the right answer is Germany
Which is not the name of an English county?[Lancashire,Leicestershire,Liverpoolshire,Lincolnshire,Liverpoolshire,Liverpoolshire,Lincolnshire,I think liverpoolshire is the correct answer! 
Which of these is a fashionable district of London?[Bulgaria,Belgravia,Belgrade,Belgium,Belgravia,Belgium,Belgravia,I think it is Belgravia or Belgrade. Im sorry not to b better help!
What name is given to a playing card with a single symbol on it?[Whizz,Hotshot,Ace,Star,Ace,Whizz,Ace,When playung cards I've never heard of the other options other than Ace.
In classical mythology, into what did Athena turn Arachne?[Swan,Snake,Stone,Spider,Spider,Spider,Stone,I'm not too sure but I imagine that it is a snake! Best of luck.
In 'Gulliver's Travels', which land is the kingdom of the giants?[Lilliput,Brobdingnag,Laputa,Lagado,Brobdingnag,Lagado,Brobdingnag,I watched this last week!! It's Brobdingnag.
Which is a college at Cambridge University?[Darwin,Newton,Faraday,Cavendish,Darwin,Darwin,Faraday,Think of me when you win the one million! Its Darwin.
Norway lobsters when cooked are known as ...?[Rock salmon,Bombay duck,Scampi,Quenelles,Scampi,Quenelles,Scampi,I'm only guessing here myself! Quenelles?
In which country did the liqueur Tia Maria originate?[Jamaica,Cuba,Portugal,Brazil,Jamaica,Jamaica,Cuba,My guess is Jamaica. Let's hope I'm right!!!
How many counters does each player have at the start of a game of backgammon?[10,12,15,20,15,12,15,15! Definitely 15! Best of luck.
Which explorer led the Nimrod expedition in 1908?[Scott,Shackleton,Livingstone,Burton,Shackleton,Burton,Shackleton,This is just a guess.Burton? I'm sorry if its wrong!
In ancient Persia, what was a magus?[Teacher,Soothsayer,Warlord,Priest,Priest,Priest,Warlord,I am not too sure. I believe it is a priest but don't hold it against me if I'm wrong
Which century was known as the 'Age of Reason' in western Europe?[18th,17th,19th,20th,18th,20th,18th,I know its not he 19th or 20th. I would suggest the 18th. 
Which city is served by St David's railway station?[Swansea,Edinburgh,Exeter,Canterbury,Exeter,Canterbury,Exeter,It's Exeter 100% sure. Good luck!
Which county does not border Derbyshire?[Shropshire,Staffordshire,Cheshire,Leicestershire,Shropshire,Shropshire,Staffordshire,I've just gotten you one step closer to being a Millionaire. Shropshire
Which European capital city is the nearest to its country's mainland geographical centre?[Oslo,Madrid,Berlin,Dublin,Madrid,Dublin,Madrid,Its definitely not Dublin or Berlin but I can't say for certain between Olso or Madrid
What are the berg, the bise and the bora?[Whirlpools,Wastelands,Waterfalls,Winds,Winds,Waterfalls,Winds,I've only every heard of bora and I know it is wind. So Winds?
Pinsk and Minsk are cities in which east European country?[Latvia,Belarus,Poland,Estonia,Belarus,Estonia,Belarus,Belarus. I've visited on holidays before so I'm certain it is correct.
